[UI Telemetry] Update documentation page with details on UI telemetry (#19427)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/community/usage-tracking.mdx

      <td>An ID string of an interactive element (e.g. button, switch, link, input field) in the UI. A log is generated upon clicking, typing, or otherwise interacting with such elements. A comprehensive list of component ID values can be found by [this search query](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Amlflow%2Fmlflow%20componentId%3D&type=code).</td>
      <td>`mlflow.prompts.list.create` (identifier for the "Create prompt" button on the prompts page)</td>
      <td>To understand the usage patterns of different UI pages and features</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Metadata associated with UI interactions</td>
      <td>See [below table](#ui-interaction-metadata) for metadata associated with UI interaction logs.</td>
      <td>`{ "isRemote": true, "browserFamily": "Chrome", "isMobile": false, "eventType": "onClick", "componentViewId": "88fc9edd-5e9e-4a17-abd2-c543f505b8eb", "componentId": "mlflow.prompts.list.create", "componentType": "button", timestamp_ns: 1765784028467000000 }`</td>
      <td>To understand UI usage patterns in greater depth, and to inform prioritization of different platforms, browsers, and user flows.</td>

>     </tr>

Reviewer: I thought these are included in parameters field?

This table describes a list of metadata that may be collected together with a given UI interaction log.

<Table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style={{ width: "20%" }}>Metadata Element</th>
      <th style={{ width: "40%" }}>Explanation</th>
      <th style={{ width: "40%" }}>Example</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Component ID of interactive UI elements</td>
      <td>An ID string of an interactive element (e.g. button, switch, link, input field) in the UI. A log is generated upon clicking, typing, or otherwise interacting with such elements. A comprehensive list of component ID values can be found by [this search query](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Amlflow%2Fmlflow%20componentId%3D&type=code).</td>
      <td>`mlflow.prompts.list.create` (identifier for the "Create prompt" button on the prompts page)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Browser family</td>
      <td>An enumerated string describing the browser family</td>
      <td>`Chrome`, `Safari`, `Firefox`, `Other`</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Mobile status</td>
      <td>A boolean indicating whether or not the event took place on a mobile device</td>
      <td>`false`</td>
    </tr>

>     <tr>

Author: just to note: these do not actually exist in the logs right now but including it here so we can add them in the future without updating the docs

Reviewer: When do we plan to add them? we can update the doc later when adding them right, people may ask you about this data if seeing this :)

  </tbody>
</Table>

#### UI Interaction Metadata

This table describes a list of metadata that may be collected together with a given UI interaction log.

<Table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style={{ width: "20%" }}>Metadata Element</th>
      <th style={{ width: "40%" }}>Explanation</th>
      <th style={{ width: "40%" }}>Example</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Browser family</td>
      <td>An enumerated string describing the browser family</td>
      <td>`Chrome`, `Safari`, `Firefox`, `Other`</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Mobile status</td>
      <td>A boolean indicating whether or not the event took place on a mobile device</td>
      <td>`false`</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Event type</td>
      <td>An enumerated categorical value describing the nature of the interaction</td>
      <td>`onView`, `onClick`, `onValueChange`</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Component type</td>
      <td>An enumerated categorical value describing the type of component that the interaction happened with</td>
      <td>`button`, `alert`, `banner`, `radio`, `input`, ...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Component View ID</td>

>       <td>A randomly generated UUID that is regernerated whenever the UI element rerenders. Can be used to link view and click events.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>A randomly generated UUID that is regenerated whenever the UI element rerenders. </td>
```
I think we don't need to mention `Can be used to link view and click events`

### How to opt-out for your organization?

Organizations can disable telemetry by blocking network access to `https://config.mlflow-telemetry.io`. When this endpoint is unreachable, MLflow automatically disables telemetry for the SDK.

> To opt out of UI telemetry, you can block network access to `https://d139nb52glx00z.cloudfront.net` from the MLflow server. Similar to above, if this endpoint is unreachable, UI telemetry will be disabled.

Reviewer: Yes I think we don't need to mention this section especially `https://d139nb52glx00z.cloudfront.net` specifically. If we change it to be the same domain as sdk later then people won't check this page again to disable it, and for users who look at this section I feel like they may just opt out entire telemetry

Organizations can disable telemetry by blocking network access to `https://config.mlflow-telemetry.io`. When this endpoint is unreachable, MLflow automatically disables telemetry.

### Opting out of UI telemetry

> As described above, the admin of an MLflow server can set the `MLFLOW_DISABLE_TELEMETRY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described above, the admin of an MLflow server can set the `MLFLOW_DISABLE_TELEMETRY` or `DO_NOT_TRACK`
```
